feat(self-hosted): Add experimental page (#11473)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/self-hosted/experimental/index.mdx

---
title: Experimental Configurations
---

> These pages here are purely experimental and are not officially supported workflows. Much of this is contributed to by our wonderful developer community and we hope it is useful for those customizing self-hosted Sentry to your specific needs. Please use at your own risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These pages here are purely experimental and are not officially supported workflows. Much of this is contributed by our wonderful developer community. We hope it is useful for those customizing self-hosted Sentry to your specific needs, but are unable to offer official support or triage for issues arising from these workflows. **Use at your own risk!**
```
